Small fixes in Content Lifecycle section (#899)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/content-lifecycle-examples.adoc

. Click btn:[Attach/Detach Filters] link, select [guimenu]``Exclude openjdk patch``, and click btn:[Save].

> When you rebuild the project with the btn:[Build] button, the new filter is used together with the the [guimenu]``by date`` filter we added before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you rebuild the project with the btn:[Build] button, the new filter is used together with the [guimenu]``by date`` filter we added before.
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The [guimenu]``Allow`` filters rule overrides the exclude function of the [guimenu]``Deny`` filter rule (see xref:administration:content-lifecycle.adoc[Filter ``rule`` Parameter]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [guimenu]``Allow`` filters rule overrides the exclude function of the [guimenu]``Deny`` filter rule.
For more information, see xref:administration:content-lifecycle.adoc[].
```
